Update rollup.md to include the updates to interval logic and minimum interval logic (#22393)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/functions/rollup.md

## Rollup interval: enforced vs custom

> When graphing, Datadog sets a limit on the number of points per time series. To retain visual clarity, series can have up to 1500 points. To respect this limit, Datadog rolls up data points automatically, defaulting to the `avg` method, effectively displaying the average of all data points within a time interval for a given metric. The default rollup time interval varies depending on how the data is being visualized. See the following chart to reference these default time intervals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When graphing, Datadog sets a limit on the number of points per timeseries. To retain visual clarity, a series can have up to 1500 points. To respect this limit, Datadog rolls up datapoints automatically, defaulting to the `avg` method, effectively displaying the average of all datapoints within a time interval for a given metric. The default rollup time interval varies depending on how the data is visualized. See the following chart to reference these default time intervals:
```

| The past day        | 5m                          | 20m                        | 5m                   |
| The past two days     | 10m                         | 30m                        | 10m                  |
| The past week       | 1hr                         | 2hr                        | 1hr                  |

> | The past month      | 4hr                         | 12hr                       | 4hr                  |

Author: Line graphs were aligned with what the API returns for a 1-month time frame

> A custom `.rollup()` function can be used to enforce the type of time aggregation applied (`avg`, `min`, `max`, `count`, or `sum`) and optionally the time interval to rollup. Using this function, you can set the rollup time interval to a different value than the defaults, up to the limit of 1500 points. This supports up to one point per minute over a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom `.rollup()` function can be used to enforce the type of time aggregation applied (`avg`, `min`, `max`, `count`, or `sum`) and optionally the time interval to rollup. Using this function, you can set the rollup time interval to a different value than the defaults, up to a limit of 1500 points. This supports up to one point per minute over a day.
```
